Style guide: capitalization (#4382)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/style-guide.md

- target
- upstream

### Plugin names

1. Capitalize the plugin _name_ but not the word _plugin_. For example, "Rate Limiting plugin".
2. Don’t capitalize the name if you’re using it in code. For example, `rate-limiting`.
3. Don’t capitalize if you’re referring to the concept, not the plugin.

> For example, “Set up rate limiting in Kong Gateway with the Rate Limiting plugin”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, “Set up rate limiting in {{site.base_gateway}} with the Rate Limiting plugin”.
```
